Implementation of tuple analyzers (#2846)
DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers: documentation/Configuration.md

}
```

> ### Tuple field names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tuple element names
```

> The following properties are used to configure the behavior of the tuple field name analyzers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties are used to configure the behavior of the tuple element name analyzers.
```

| Property | Default Value | Minimum Version | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `includeInferredTupleFieldNames` | false | 1.2.0 | Specifies whether inferred tuple field names will be analyzed as well. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `includeInferredTupleElementNames` | false | 1.2.0 | Specifies whether inferred tuple element names will be analyzed as well. |
```

> | `tupleFieldNameCasing` | "camelCase" | 1.2.0 | Specifies the casing convention used for tuple field names. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tupleElementNameCasing` | "camelCase" | 1.2.0 | Specifies the casing convention used for tuple element names. |
```

> The following example shows a settings file which requires tuple field names to use pascalCase for all tuple field names (including implicitly named tuple fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a settings file which requires tuple element names to use PascalCase for all tuple elements (including inferred element names).
```

```json
{
  "settings": {
    "namingRules": {

>       "includeInferredTupleFieldNames": true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "includeInferredTupleElementNames": true,
```

>       "tupleFieldNameCasing" : "pascalCase"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "tupleElementNameCasing" : "PascalCase"
```

    }
  }
}
```

> #### Tuple Field Name Casing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tuple Element Name Casing
```

> The `tupleFieldNameCasing` property affects the behavior of the [SA1316 Tuple field names must use correct casing](SA1316.md) analyzer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tupleElementNameCasing` property affects the behavior of the [SA1316 Tuple element names should use correct casing](SA1316.md) analyzer.
```

This property has two allowed values, which are described as follows.

##### `"camelCase"`

> In this mode, tuple field names must start with a lowercase letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, tuple element names must start with a lowercase letter.
```

> ##### `"pascalCase"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `"PascalCase"`
```

> In this mode, tuple field names must start with an uppercase letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, tuple element names must start with an uppercase letter.
```
